(d) 1. Have to be add following infi into File generate section Text & Excel
Account number              5284810933
Routing number               111900659
Bank ID                            808


(d) 2. Assign check no have to be assign seperatly 10000 for ero. 1000001
(D) 2.1. Have to work on assigned check range when printing check.

(d) 3. Void button will be hide after 1 hours hours from printed check byutton

(d) 4. Excepted Refund Amount & Actual refund amount will show without pending funds tab. and all the fees will be diduct from actual refund amount

(d) 5. new application: if applicant choose insurance then system will send email as order receipt from Scalefinsncial.com with ERO info, applicent infi & insurance info
(d) 5.1. have to be set default routing no.

7. (d) void & reprint

9. (d) ERO edit section for bank fees tab.

10. (d) Have to be work on commission part

11. (d) have to be work on bank produce > ready to payout, paid (), payment type

12. (d) have to be check cancel button,

13. (d) add ero section add addon fess check

14. (d) Have to be add Time under Positive pay view section.

15. (d) Have to be fixed fileAcc when not found previous account info

16. (d) have to be add ERO column under coustomer section from admin panel as like Insurance tab. and have to be delete DOB.

17. (d) So from abnk accouunt > ready to payout page,  when customer select direct diposit then it will not show the print button, it will show Initiate button. and after click on that button it will show one confirmaitn info, and if yes then that account will go to the PAID.


19. (d) Pending fund, ready to payout, printed check, voidied check, paid, voided payments, all applications.


22. (d) have to be add column header with transjournal file uplaod section


24. (d) after deactivated any ERO then can login with our sytem. but it's not should login with system.

25. (d) after complete step-1, & step 2 it's repeating all the steps agian. so it's error.

26. (d) have to be add EFIN under add employee.


28. (d) under funded report : Posted date, name, expected refund, actual refund , fees (Txt fee, addon ffee, audint ffe), refund to customer, payment type.

20. (d) delete all info from db.

21. (d) Have to be remove By employee from bank product report for Employee.

22. (d) Discount benefits & Insurance report by employee will be remove, and Total Income & service burue also will be remove for employee

23. (d) under customer tab, need to show Date (Custoemr create data.) from Admin, ERO, Employee.

24. (d) Account Temporarily Deactivated.

25. (d) Under Setting : for employee: Under company setting tab: every thing will come from ero information. so employee will not be able to change any thing.
    profile setting will be same as it is now, have to be remove Employee & Banking info for employee, and fees info will be same as it is now.

26. (d) For the company setup with modal box that will be same functionality like setting tab.

27. (d) Have to be add EFIN / PTIN # with login screen

28. (d) Forgot password, add PTIN also for recover employee password.

29. (d) make insurance tab for employee

30. (d) make bemefits tab for employee

30. (d) xHave to be remove EFIN from Add employee page. bcz. we can login in with this system through PTIN #.

31. d) In the Detail Record, the amount will be in positions 35-44 (should be 10-digits long). Currently this is in positions 35-43. Please add one additional leading zero to this field.

32. d) In the Trailer Record, the Total Amount should be in positions 26-38. Currently this is in positions 26-37 (should be 13-digits long). Please add one additional leading zero to this field.

33. (d) New applciation cursor is not showing.

34. (d) New aplciation .00 need to show by default when inputing amount.

35. (d) cancel button will go to the dashboard

39. (d) From admin panel & prent ERO under all ERO page it's now showing all the ERO with employee, but it's should show only ERO accounts not EMPLOYEE.. So for admins, only show all ERO not their employees. If admin wants to see employee for each ERO, he can click on Edit button for that

42. (d) have to be send PSD for TRP plus files.

36. (d) add those customers again to Zishan ERO

37. (d) For Parent EROs call the tab “ERO Accounts”. Make it like Admin ERO tab. yes... you need only one tab iike admin ERO tab, you don't need pending , approved or rejected with separated tab.. under parent ERO panel.

38. (d) parent ERO will be able to See only  child ERO information? like Company setting, profile setting, bank fee, employee, bank info etc.

43. (d) After uplaod transjournal file report is not showing into funded report.

44. (d) after print all the applciation it;s not shoing any message, so need to show success message.

45. (d) when adding parent EFIN # form setup page step 1. then it's not adding entry into efin_pefin table for create relation.

46. (d) after uplaod transjournal file posted date is not adding correctly. is's showig amount formate. have to be chagne

47. (d) add company dropdown under admin section with Reporting & customer tab like parent EFIN.

48. (d) Have to be remove Add NewApplication button for admin section.

49. (d) Change ststus (approved or Reject) form parent ERO is not woring. it's should show child ERO approved or reject status.

50. (d) Positive pay file is not generating proper way, it's writing all the info in one line.

41. (d) Have to be read full ACH formate doc and have to be make Question.

8. (d) have to be work on ACH to ERO

18. (d) So from admin section when admin will clcik on generat file for ACH to ERO then system will check all the DIrect diposited application for generate file.

51. (d) Under Customer from admin & parent ERO section we have to be add All under dropdown box.

52. (d) have to be work on routing no validation in setting page, setup page.


=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-==-==-==-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=


6. insurance : it will send email with all the selected applicent info

40. have to be add confirmation message when any status will change like Approved, Rejected etc.

20. (d) For the direct deposit we have to be add another new button called "Direct deposit" after Print Cehck button under rady to print page. and after clcik on that button it will show all the account info thsoe payment method is Direct deposit as like ad print cehck modal box. and after cldick on paid button it all the selected account will go to the ready to payout to PAaid section.

21. under bank account or any other places we have to be implement refresh option after make any event. like after print

23. (d) layout if change resulation

27. udner ERO, after click on view all, we need back button under all customer list page.


1. (d) As employee: under bank prodcut Employee column will be removed from every tab.


